Update README.md (#17)
streamingfast/substreams-uniswap-v3: README.md

## Stream intermediate values and events

> - Replace the spkg with the version you would like to used, the current release can be foubd on [Github](https://github.com/streamingfast/substreams-uniswap-v3/releases)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replace the spkg with the version you would like to use, the current release can be found on [Github](https://github.com/streamingfast/substreams-uniswap-v3/releases).
```

> - Replace the streamingfast api endpoint with the preffered network, a list of chains and endpoints can be found [here](https://substreams.streamingfast.io/reference-and-specs/chains-and-endpoints)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replace the StreamingFast api endpoint with the preferred network, a list of chains and endpoints can be found [here](https://substreams.streamingfast.io/reference-and-specs/chains-and-endpoints).
```

```bash
$ substreams run https://github.com/streamingfast/substreams-uniswap-v3/releases/download/v0.2.8/substreams.spkg \
  map_pools_created \

>   -e api.streamingfast.io:443 \

Reviewer: I just realized this should also be `mainnet.eth.streamingfast.io:443`, I'll change it after merging.

Thanks for the changes!
